
Basic
What is the difference between lists and tuples in Python?
What are the key features of Python?
What type of language is Python?
How is Python an interpreted language?
What do you know about pep 8?
How is memory managed in Python?
Describe the usage of the strip() function in Python.
What do you know about namespace in Python?
What do you know about Python PATH?
Describe the usage of the replace() function in Python.
What are Python modules?
Describe the usage of the eval() function in Python.
What are local and global variables in Python?
What do you know about the map function in Python?
What are the min() and max() functions in Python? What do they do?
Describe the usage of the join() function in Python.
What do you know about pickling and unpickling?
How would you generate random numbers in Python?
Explain split(), sub(), subn() methods of “re” module in Python.
Describe the usage of the getattr() function in Python.
How would you capitalize the first letter of string?
What are the upper() and lower() functions in Python?
What do you know about using help() and dir() functions in Python?
Describe the usage of the reduce() function in Python.
What are docstrings in Python?
How would you convert a string to all lowercase?
Describe the usage of the round() function in Python.
How would you randomize the items of a list in place in Python?
Describe the usage of the sorted() function in Python.
What are Python iterators?
How does break, continue and pass work?
What do you know about the difference between range & xrange?
Describe the usage of the split() function in Python.
What do you know about the difference between Python Arrays and lists?
Is indentation required in Python?



Advanced
How would you install Python on Windows and set the path variable?
What do you know about the difference between deep and shallow copy?
What are the benefits of using NumPy arrays over nested Python lists?
What are the built-in types of Python?
What are negative indexes, and why are they used?
What do you know about self in Python?
What do you know about a lambda function?
What do you know about __init__?
How would you get data from websites with Python web scraping?
Talk about the experience you have had for the last few years in Python?
Algorithms and Data Structures, Pythons Dicts - MultiValue Dicts, Range and Xrange, Iterators and Generators, Decorators
How would you use the ternary operators in Python?
Why isn’t all the memory de-allocated when Python exits?

What do you know about monkey patching in Python?
Explain Inheritance in Python with an example.
What do you know about split used for?
What do you know about the process of compilation and linking in Python?
Explain split(), sub(), subn() methods of “re” module in Python.
What do *args, **kwargs mean, and why do we use them?

Explain what Flask is and its benefits?

Algorithms
Prime number
Roman to decimal 
All substring
Reverse a list in a particular way, first is first, second is last of orig, third is second of orig, fourth is secondlast or orig
